well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so uh we're gonna talk about how
the Trudeau situation gave me hope a
really weird way and before we get into
this to our Canadian viewers well I
understand you are in a tough spot now I
get it is you got him and then you've
got yeah I feel your pain but so why
this gave me hope it's because I'm
standing there and my son walks up to me
out of nowhere was blackface appropriate
in 2001 and like this really accusatory
tone like what
of course not know what and he just
walks off walks off cuz he's talking to
his friends talking to his friends I
still don't know what's going on at this
point
15 minutes later I pull out my phone get
on Twitter and I see the photo and it's
just overcome with this filling a hope
because young American teens we're
standing around outside of school
talking about Canadian politics talking
about politics in another country think
about it when you were 13 to 15 years
old
did you even know who the Canadian Prime
Minister was much less what scandal he
was currently embroiled in it man that's
cool
gives me hope then you've got what's
happening tomorrow
global climate strike well I guess today
by the time y'all watch this 150
countries millions of people on the
streets supposed to be the largest
protests in human history you have
companies giving their employees paid
time off to go and yeah they're the
companies you would expect they're
they're the ones with long histories of
trying to be socially responsible that's
cool that's cool is being heralded as
something amazing and it is partially
for the reasons that people are talking
about a man I see something else I see
something else grassroots astroturf it
doesn't matter
it does not matter you have millions of
people a lot of them youth taking to the
streets for a united goal and the
technology today is going to allow teens
in this country
to see teens on the other side of the
world doing the exact same thing they
are something like that that is liable
to kill nationalism xenophobia you
understand how hard it's going to be to
other people in ten years the next
generation they're just not going to
take it it's fantastic it's fantastic
yeah it's cool because action on climate
change needs to happen but it's so much
cooler that you have individuals coming
together across borders to tell their
governments to catch up that's cool
that's cool and it's just a stepping
stone it's just a start there's a whole
group of people millions who are
currently at least in their minds living
without borders they're thinking about
the planet as a whole
yeah I'm sure and some of them they're
still nationalist urges but
they're fading they're fading teens
today in the u.s. understand that what
happens in Canada or Sudan or New
Zealand impacts them and they understand
that they have the technology in the
palm of their hand to reach out they
don't need a government they don't need
an embassy I can do it on our own
millions of people tomorrow will be
acting together because they started
thinking broader than a border man that
gives me hope
gives me hope we might one day see that
world I want anyway it's just a thought
now I have a good night